UNCLASSIFIED

Scene: Lobby of the apartment building, Howard, Raj, Sheldon and Leonard enter in combat gear, covered in blue paint.
Raj: Okay, if no-one else will say it, I will. We really suck at paintball.
Howard: That was absolutely humiliating.
Leonard: Oh, come on, some battles you win, some battles you lose.
Howard: Yes, but you don’t have to lose to Kyle Bernstein’s Bar-Mitzvah party. 
Leonard: I think we have to acknowledge, those were some fairly savage pre-adolescent Jews. 
Sheldon: You know, we were annihilated by our own incompetence and the inability of some people to follow the chain of command. 
Leonard: Sheldon, let it go.
Sheldon: No, I want to talk about the fact that Wolowitz shot me in the back. 
Howard: I shot you for good reason, you were leading us into disaster. 
Sheldon: I was giving clear, concise orders. 
Leonard: You hid behind a tree yelling “get the kid in the yarmulkah, get the kid in the yarmulkah.”
Penny (arriving): Oh, hey guys.
Leonard: Hello Penny.
Howard: Morning ma’am. 
Penny: So, how was paintball, did you have fun?
Sheldon: Sure, if you consider being fragged by your own troops fun. (To Howard) You clear space on your calendar, there will be an enquiry.
Penny: Okay, um, oh hey, I’m having a party on Saturday so if you guys are around you should come by.
Leonard: A party? 
Penny: Yeah.
Howard: A boy-girl party?
Penny: Well, there will be boys, and there will be girls, and it is a party. So, it’ll just be a bunch of my friends, we’ll have some beer, do a little dancing…
Sheldon: Dancing?
Leonard: Yeah, I don’t know, Penny…
Sheldon: The thing is, we’re not….
Leonard: We’re really more….
Sheldon: No.
Leonard: But thanks, thanks for thinking of us.
Penny: Are you sure? Come on, it’s Halloween.
Sheldon: A Halloween party?
Howard: As in, costumes? 
Penny: Well, yeah. 
Leonard: Is there a theme?
Penny: Um, yeah, Halloween.
Sheldon: Yes, but are the costumes random, or genre specific? 
Penny: As usual, I’m not following.
Leonard: He’s asking if we can come as anyone from science-fiction, fantasy…
Penny: Sure.
Sheldon: What about comic-books?
Penny: Fine.
Sheldon: Anime?
Penny: Of course.
